and Pedro what this is we roll it up oh
man now I say when okay with that clean
look eliminated yeah
put the wheels on it right put the
Mercedes back the way it goes painted
the caliber red took the whole caliph
Omar there's a brand new car was it go
kind of fun we put the Mercedes logo
right there small we took the censer
everything out everything came apart
right we can it's a window turn it the
whole four wings you like we do around
yeah different clean also we smoke the
lights right here press opposed to be
chamber smoke dump right
also in the front so just pack wheels
painted the calipers red and put
mercedes been in white powder made it
look like a broom but look factory man
here damn so these aftermarket wheels
sounds i aftermarket tires toyou
afterward
black cream yeah
also what we did was on the whole
massager came with the batch on top of
here yeah usually bring a regular bag
that is flat alright we put the bag like
the old school yeah yeah on the new
school hello good - oh man Interiors hi
still smell brand new she probably got
no mouth understand smelling like that
go to paper like I said we'll do it
and nothing but a pee thing Pedro name
it you throw you off our old school
influence whatever you got manly
whatever you got your call yeah man yo I
was really kid on these caliper that's
nice that looks fat brandy you got to
take the stuff apart you can't get in
and shape everything up and paint it and
and just you know you got it eliminate
like all these cooties out yeah
they pass out me true nothing is damaged
put everything back together right
that's what's up man hey like I say
right here Pedro's are you ready you
come here Pedro this with happening it
you know everybody come around like
family yeah yeah we keep you polite red
coming right you know yeah mission is
right 2012 Mercedes c8 320 320 mm will I
let your boy